README.md, before:


# DB Status

Simple Database healthchecker using Click to verify connections
before executing tasks.

# Installation

## Developer Install
 - Clone or fork the repository
   `git clone https://github.com/connormullett/DB-StatusCLI.git && cd DB-StatusCLI`
 - create a virtual environment if desired, however CLI will only be available
   while the virtual evironment is activated
 - `pip install -r requirements.txt` 
 - `pip install -e .`  This will install the CLI as an editable package and you
   will be able to use `dbstat` in terminal to start the CLI

## Usage
 - `dbstat` - the entry point for the CLI, use `dbstat --help`
 - This CLI requires you to run either command `dbstat set-url` or `dbstat createconf`
   to run. `createconf` will create a `dbstatus.ini` file that contains the necessary
   information to run the CLI and ping a database. 
 - `set-url` - will create the config file if it doesn't exist, but will also change the
   uri if it has already been set
 - `dbstat check` - Uses the database uri from the previously mentioned config file,
   unless `--uri` or `-u` is specified, and checks if a connection is made. 
 - `dbstat sql-shell` - start shell for executing sql queries. Uses the URI in config
   file or what is specified with `-u`/`--uri`

## Features
 - In Progress :: Execute SQL from file

## TODO
- [x] Shell for executing SQL commands for any flavor
- [ ] Load file and execute full scripts

Commit message:

updated readme with requirements and installation procedure

README.md, after:


# DB Status

Simple Database healthchecker using Click to verify connections
before executing tasks.

# Requires
- Python3 (shady compatibility with Python2)
- Git
- Databases to connect to

# Installation

## Regular Installation
- Package is not hosted on Pypi, use developer install
  without a virtual environment to use it globally

## Developer Install
 - Clone or fork the repository
   `git clone https://github.com/connormullett/DB-StatusCLI.git && cd DB-StatusCLI`
 - create a virtual environment if desired, however CLI will only be available
   while the virtual evironment is activated
 - `pip install -r requirements.txt` 
 - `pip install -e .`  This will install the CLI as an editable package and you
   will be able to use `dbstat` in terminal to start the CLI

## Usage
 - `dbstat` - the entry point for the CLI, use `dbstat --help`
 - This CLI requires you to run either command `dbstat set-url` or `dbstat createconf`
   to run. `createconf` will create a `dbstatus.ini` file that contains the necessary
   information to run the CLI and ping a database. 
 - `set-url` - will create the config file if it doesn't exist, but will also change the
   uri if it has already been set
 - `dbstat check` - Uses the database uri from the previously mentioned config file,
   unless `--uri` or `-u` is specified, and checks if a connection is made. 
 - `dbstat sql-shell` - start shell for executing sql queries. Uses the URI in config
   file or what is specified with `-u`/`--uri`

## TODO
- [x] Shell for executing SQL commands for any flavor
- [ ] Load file and execute full scripts
- [ ] Change URI in Shell

## Progress
 - In Progress :: Execute SQL from file
 - Not Started :: Change URI in shell
